Update table docs (#1092)
Roblox/creator-docs: content/en-us/luau/tables.md

}
-- Include quotes for string keys
print(testDictionary["partType"]) -- Block
-- Or use . to index string keys without spaces
print(testDictionary.partType) -- Block
-- Omit quotes for non-string keys
print(testDictionary[part]) -- true
```

### Write to dictionaries

> To define or rewrite the value of a new or existing dictionary key, declare the key name in brackets (`[key]`) or if the key is a string use (`.key`) followed by `=` and the value:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To define or rewrite the value of a new or existing dictionary key, declare the key name in brackets (`[key]`) or, if the key is a string, use (`.key`) followed by `=` and the value:
```

	table.freeze(target)

	-- Check each key of the table and freeze it if it's a table
	for _, value in target do

> 		-- Making sure the value isn't frozen, as if it already is an error will occur

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		-- Make sure the value isn't frozen; if it already is, an error will occur
```
